medical_382.txt$this is the third and final call for votes for the creation of the
medical_382.txt$newsgroup mischealthdiabetes  a mass acknowledgement of valid votes
medical_382.txt$received as of april 19th 1400 gmt appears at the end of this
medical_382.txt$posting  please check the list to be sure that your vote has been
medical_382.txt$registered  read the instructions for voting carefully and follow
medical_382.txt$them precisely to be certain that you place a proper vote
medical_382.txt$instructions for voting
medical_382.txt$to place a vote for the creation of mischealthdiabetes send an
medical_382.txt$email message to yessun6850nrlnavymil
medical_382.txt$to place a vote against creation of mischealthdiabetes send an
medical_382.txt$email message to nosun6850nrlnavymil
medical_382.txt$the contents of the message should contain the line i vote
medical_382.txt$foragainst mischealthdiabetes as proposed  email messages sent to
medical_382.txt$the above addresses must constitute unambiguous and unconditional
medical_382.txt$votes foragainst newsgroup creation as proposed  conditional votes
medical_382.txt$will not be accepted  only votes emailed to the above addresses will
medical_382.txt$be counted mailed replies to this posting will be returned  in the
medical_382.txt$event that more than one vote is placed by an individual only the
medical_382.txt$most recent vote will be counted
medical_382.txt$voting will continue until 2359 gmt 29 apr 93
medical_382.txt$votes will not be accepted after this date
medical_382.txt$any administrative inquiries pertaining to this cfv may be made by
medical_382.txt$email to swkirchsun6850nrlnavymil
medical_382.txt$the proposed charter appears below
medical_382.txt$charter
medical_382.txt$mischealthdiabetes                            unmoderated
medical_382.txt$1   the purpose of mischealthdiabetes is to provide a forum for the
medical_382.txt$discussion of issues pertaining to diabetes management ie diet
medical_382.txt$activities medicine schedules blood glucose control exercise
medical_382.txt$medical breakthroughs etc  this group addresses the issues of
medical_382.txt$management of both type i insulin dependent and type ii noninsulin
medical_382.txt$dependent diabetes  both technical discussions and general support
medical_382.txt$discussions relevant to diabetes are welcome
medical_382.txt$2   postings to mischeathdiabetes are intended to be for discussion
medical_382.txt$purposes only and are in no way to be construed as medical advice
medical_382.txt$diabetes is a serious medical condition requiring direct supervision
medical_382.txt$by a primary health care physician
medical_382.txt$end of charter
medical_382.txt$the following individuals have sent in valid votes
medical_382.txt$9781bmuvmscsdmuedu                  bill satterlee
medical_382.txt$a2wjlokiccpdxedu                    jim williams
medical_382.txt$ac534freenetcarletonca               colin henein
medical_382.txt$adcatde                               axel dunkel
medical_382.txt$al198723academ07mtyitesmmx          jesus eugenio s nchez pea
medical_382.txt$anugulabadlandsnodakedu              ramakrishna reddy anugula
medical_382.txt$appssneakskodakcom                   robert w apps
medical_382.txt$arperd00mikukyedu                    alicia r perdue
medical_382.txt$baindgovonca                         dave bain
medical_382.txt$balamutmorrishaccom                  morris balamut
medical_382.txt$bchjulietcaltechedu
medical_382.txt$bgainesollamhucdie                   brian gaines
medical_382.txt$bjornblarsendelabsintefno
medical_382.txt$bobwhpsadwcsadhpcom                 bob waltenspiel
medical_382.txt$bruceuxbliverpoolacuk               bruce
medical_382.txt$bspencerbinkleycsmcgillca           brian spencer
medical_382.txt$clineusceastcsscarolinaedu          ernest a cline
medical_382.txt$colemantwintwinsuncom                mike coleman
medical_382.txt$compassdacomtomdcompassdacom      thomas donnelly
medical_382.txt$csccoastucsdedu                      charles coughran
medical_382.txt$curtechsbsunhedu                     stephanie bradleyswift
medical_382.txt$debrummbrendamsgatecorpapplecom  debrum brenda
medical_382.txt$dlbfannywashinmetcom                david barton
medical_382.txt$dlg1midwayuchicagoedu                deborah lynn gillaspie
medical_382.txt$dougbcommmotcom                      douglas bank
medical_382.txt$edtitipuresuncom                     edward reid
medical_382.txt$edmoorehpvclcvcdhpcom               ed moore
medical_382.txt$ejokajagialaskaedu                  eric j olson
medical_382.txt$emcguireintellectioncom               ed mcguire
medical_382.txt$ewchplbhplhpcom                     enrico coiera
medical_382.txt$feathrbluejayampakzenetdeccom
medical_382.txt$frankliggasuugarizonaedu            gregory c franklin
medical_382.txt$fsspracad3alaskaedu                  hardcore alaskan
medical_382.txt$gabeangusmiorg                       gabe helou
medical_382.txt$gaspmedglcsmitedu                   isaac kohane
medical_382.txt$gaspmedglcsmitedu                   isaac kohane
medical_382.txt$geirmillsteintfteleno
medical_382.txt$ggurmancoryberkeleyedu               gail gurman
medical_382.txt$ggwwolvesdurhamncus                 gregory g woodbury
medical_382.txt$greenlawoasysdtnavymil              leila thomas
medical_382.txt$grmandrewcmuedu                     gretchen miller
medical_382.txt$halderccsrpiedu
medical_382.txt$handelapduvmbitnetpuccprincetonedu phil handel
medical_382.txt$hansenrohsuedu
medical_382.txt$hcnyongwacamorg                      hc
medical_382.txt$heddingschrisconrlnavymil           hubert heddings
medical_382.txt$herbisonlassieucxlkgdeccom         bj
medical_382.txt$hmpetromosaicunccedu                 herbert m petro
medical_382.txt$hosch2263iscsvaxuniedu
medical_382.txt$hrubinpopstatpurdueedu              herman rubin
medical_382.txt$hudsoibauducadmducauburnedu         ingrid b hudson
medical_382.txt$huffmcclb0mednyuedu                 edward j huff
medical_382.txt$huffmaningrescom                      gary huffman
medical_382.txt$huynh1estdnrlnavymil               minh huynh
medical_382.txt$ishbeldcixcompulinkcouk             ishbel donkin
medical_382.txt$jameslangdellengsuncom              james langdell
medical_382.txt$jamyersnetcomcom                      john a myers
medical_382.txt$jccrosfieldcouk                      jerry cullingford
medical_382.txt$jesupcbmvaxcbmcommodorecom          randell jesup
medical_382.txt$jjmorrisgandalfrutgersedu            joyce morris
medical_382.txt$joepdapcsiroau                       joe petranovic
medical_382.txt$johnburtonacenetauburnedu           john e burton jr
medical_382.txt$johnchacommmotcom
medical_382.txt$jpsum00mikukyedu                     joey p sum
medical_382.txt$jtmucsfvmucsfedu                     john maynard
medical_382.txt$julienskclamonsantocom
medical_382.txt$kaminskinetcomcom                     peter kaminski
medical_382.txt$kerrycitruqozau                     kerry raymond
medical_382.txt$kieranworldstdcom                    aaron l dickey
medical_382.txt$knauercsuiucedu                      rob knauerhase
medical_382.txt$kolarspotcoloradoedu                 jennifer lynn kolar
medical_382.txt$kriguertcscom                         marc kriguer
medical_382.txt$lauaisricom                          stephen lau
medical_382.txt$leehalcom                             lee boylan
medical_382.txt$lmt6pocwruedu
medical_382.txt$lunielehighedu
medical_382.txt$lusgrchilicclehighedu               stephen g roseman
medical_382.txt$mbeamishinsgueduau                 marilyn beamish
medical_382.txt$mrichensgueduau                    maurice h rich
medical_382.txt$maascdfsgafnalgov                    peter maas
medical_382.txt$macridisgkosmoswccgovtnz           gerry macridis
medical_382.txt$markvhpvcivmvcdhpcom                mark vanderford
medical_382.txt$maschlervmshujiacil
medical_382.txt$mcbnetbionet                         michael c berch
medical_382.txt$mcdayux1csouiucedu
medical_382.txt$mcooksonflutecalpolyedu
medical_382.txt$mfcisrharvardedu                     mauricio f contreras
medical_382.txt$mgwpiedu                              martha gunnarson
medical_382.txt$mhollowalibserv1icsunysbedu         michael holloway
medical_382.txt$mishaabacusconcordiaca               misha glouberman
medical_382.txt$mjbcsbrownedu                        manish butte
medical_382.txt$moflnganvax1tcdie
medical_382.txt$muiridiomberkeleycaus               david muir sharnoff
medical_382.txt$nancyblockengsuncom                 nancy block
medical_382.txt$ndallenrnodehuborg                  nigel allen
medical_382.txt$nlrb31neinihgov                     rohrer nathan
medical_382.txt$owenscookiemonsterccbuffaloedu      bill owens
medical_382.txt$pamshpfcmpfchpcom                   pam sullivan
medical_382.txt$paprescoundergradmathuwaterlooca    paul prescod
medical_382.txt$paslowpcsrpiedu
medical_382.txt$pillincgovonca                       christopher pilling
medical_382.txt$pkaneciscocom                         peter kane
medical_382.txt$popelkaodysseusuchicagoedu           glenn popelka
medical_382.txt$pulkkacswashingtonedu                aaron pulkka
medical_382.txt$pwatkinsmeduncedu                    pat watkins
medical_382.txt$rbnsnmosaicshearsoncom               ken robinson
medical_382.txt$rickcrickssctrbcmtmcedu            richard h miller
medical_382.txt$robynmediamitedu                     robyn kozierok
medical_382.txt$rolfgreenmathematikunistuttgartde  rolf schreiber
medical_382.txt$sagemancupportalcom
medical_382.txt$sasjcsunxsascom                      joan stout
medical_382.txt$scottjordelphicom
medical_382.txt$scrlhplbhplhpcom
medical_382.txt$scsvectisdemoncouk                  stuart c squibb
medical_382.txt$shantechopscraycom                   sharan kalwani
medical_382.txt$shareniscnvxlmsclockheedcom         sharen a rund
medical_382.txt$shazamunhedu                          matthew t thompson
medical_382.txt$shipmancsablarcnasagov              floyd s shipman
medical_382.txt$shoppaerincaltechedu                 tim shoppa
medical_382.txt$slilliecs1bradleyedu                 susan lillie
medical_382.txt$steveoworldstdcom                    steven w orr
medical_382.txt$surendarivywpiedu                    surendar chandra
medical_382.txt$swkirchsun6850nrlnavymil            steven kirchoefer
medical_382.txt$sfagantwuedu
medical_382.txt$tarynarizvm1ccitarizonaedu          taryn l westergaard
medical_382.txt$thomasetaylorgagmechiilus         thomas e taylor
medical_382.txt$timacfsmohoneywellcom                timothy d aanerud
medical_382.txt$tsamuelgollumrelaynswcnavymil      tony samuel
medical_382.txt$u45301uicvmuicedu                    m jacobs
medical_382.txt$vsterngtecom                          vanessa stern
medical_382.txt$wahlgrenhaidavanwticom              james wahlgren
medical_382.txt$waterfalpyrseaseapyramidcom         douglas waterfall
medical_382.txt$weineja1teomailjhuapledu
medical_382.txt$wgrantinformixcom                     william grant
medical_382.txt$yeagermscfmedupennedu
medical_382.txt$yozzowatsonibmcom                    ralph e yozzo
medical_382.txt$z919016beachutmbedu                  molly hamilton
medical_382.txt$steve kirchoefer                                             202 7672862
medical_382.txt$code 6851                                      kirchoeferestdnrlnavymil
medical_382.txt$naval research laboratory                       microwave technology branch
medical_382.txt$washington dc  203755000              electronics sci and tech division
medical_382.txt$food_93.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_20.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_83.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_424.txt
medical_382.txt$space_68.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_65.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_37.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_572.txt
medical_382.txt$business_20.txt
medical_382.txt$business_28.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_136.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_500.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_13.txt
medical_382.txt$food_78.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_29.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_13.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_23.txt
medical_382.txt$food_53.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_131.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_100.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_26.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_84.txt
medical_382.txt$business_99.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_1.txt
medical_382.txt$space_76.txt
medical_382.txt$business_19.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_75.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_40.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_6.txt
medical_382.txt$business_75.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_691.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_52.txt
medical_382.txt$business_58.txt
medical_382.txt$business_13.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_33.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_88.txt
medical_382.txt$business_40.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_229.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_65.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_8.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_7.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_74.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_81.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_24.txt
medical_382.txt$food_5.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_44.txt
medical_382.txt$space_5.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_98.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_50.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_111.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_99.txt
medical_382.txt$business_65.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_59.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_15.txt
medical_382.txt$food_87.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_25.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_88.txt
medical_382.txt$food_12.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_319.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_52.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_12.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_59.txt
medical_382.txt$food_48.txt
medical_382.txt$space_74.txt
medical_382.txt$business_14.txt
medical_382.txt$space_1.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_85.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_27.txt
medical_382.txt$space_71.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_128.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_90.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_43.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_30.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_78.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_42.txt
medical_382.txt$food_81.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_117.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_50.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_89.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_53.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_59.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_80.txt
medical_382.txt$space_44.txt
medical_382.txt$business_29.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_39.txt
medical_382.txt$food_11.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_33.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_231.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_26.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_3.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_282.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_31.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_38.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_44.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_42.txt
medical_382.txt$business_85.txt
medical_382.txt$business_92.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_232.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_16.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_7.txt
medical_382.txt$space_32.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_32.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_73.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_99.txt
medical_382.txt$business_21.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_51.txt
medical_382.txt$business_90.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_316.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_326.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_335.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_619.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_376.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_60.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_28.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_28.txt
medical_382.txt$food_85.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_96.txt
medical_382.txt$space_65.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_565.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_92.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_6.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_100.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_50.txt
medical_382.txt$space_81.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_14.txt
medical_382.txt$food_66.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_62.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_11.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_72.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_72.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_17.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_83.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_645.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_18.txt
medical_382.txt$business_59.txt
medical_382.txt$food_89.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_58.txt
medical_382.txt$space_37.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_694.txt
medical_382.txt$business_68.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_590.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_3.txt
medical_382.txt$space_83.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_55.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_79.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_61.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_275.txt
medical_382.txt$space_20.txt
medical_382.txt$food_79.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_19.txt
medical_382.txt$business_42.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_10.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_212.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_92.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_2.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_88.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_14.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_60.txt
medical_382.txt$space_4.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_222.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_34.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_100.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_80.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_610.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_89.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_217.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_75.txt
medical_382.txt$business_89.txt
medical_382.txt$space_16.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_69.txt
medical_382.txt$business_1.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_94.txt
medical_382.txt$business_60.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_139.txt
medical_382.txt$business_93.txt
medical_382.txt$space_23.txt
medical_382.txt$space_69.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_24.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_357.txt
medical_382.txt$space_80.txt
medical_382.txt$food_2.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_48.txt
medical_382.txt$space_46.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_130.txt
medical_382.txt$food_84.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_42.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_54.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_19.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_59.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_586.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_47.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_449.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_23.txt
medical_382.txt$business_17.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_6.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_221.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_301.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_77.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_542.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_7.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_27.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_559.txt
medical_382.txt$food_30.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_38.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_92.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_91.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_81.txt
medical_382.txt$space_90.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_60.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_53.txt
medical_382.txt$food_42.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_13.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_101.txt
medical_382.txt$food_90.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_84.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_286.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_95.txt
medical_382.txt$food_52.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_145.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_33.txt
medical_382.txt$food_97.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_88.txt
medical_382.txt$space_51.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_71.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_68.txt
medical_382.txt$space_29.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_60.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_14.txt
medical_382.txt$space_7.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_47.txt
medical_382.txt$business_39.txt
medical_382.txt$space_93.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_220.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_50.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_94.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_272.txt
medical_382.txt$food_68.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_47.txt
medical_382.txt$business_15.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_61.txt
medical_382.txt$space_48.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_22.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_63.txt
medical_382.txt$food_21.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_97.txt
medical_382.txt$space_73.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_40.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_172.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_93.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_67.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_52.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_79.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_67.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_84.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_64.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_121.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_2.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_608.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_155.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_4.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_40.txt
medical_382.txt$business_78.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_36.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_2.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_35.txt
medical_382.txt$business_32.txt
medical_382.txt$business_81.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_34.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_458.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_53.txt
medical_382.txt$space_62.txt
medical_382.txt$food_44.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_283.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_5.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_17.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_16.txt
medical_382.txt$business_25.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_230.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_70.txt
medical_382.txt$business_18.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_289.txt
medical_382.txt$business_30.txt
medical_382.txt$food_72.txt
medical_382.txt$food_47.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_40.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_21.txt
medical_382.txt$space_88.txt
medical_382.txt$business_66.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_72.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_89.txt
medical_382.txt$business_50.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_61.txt
medical_382.txt$business_4.txt
medical_382.txt$food_9.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_49.txt
medical_382.txt$space_34.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_39.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_25.txt
medical_382.txt$business_98.txt
medical_382.txt$space_10.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_277.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_208.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_58.txt
medical_382.txt$business_56.txt
medical_382.txt$space_64.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_237.txt
medical_382.txt$business_33.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_81.txt
medical_382.txt$space_57.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_33.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_31.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_82.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_307.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_334.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_624.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_119.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_62.txt
medical_382.txt$food_35.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_45.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_34.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_11.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_45.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_631.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_97.txt
medical_382.txt$space_25.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_36.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_1.txt
medical_382.txt$space_79.txt
medical_382.txt$space_8.txt
medical_382.txt$food_41.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_16.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_193.txt
medical_382.txt$business_48.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_192.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_44.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_76.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_468.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_584.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_11.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_294.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_79.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_97.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_66.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_90.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_438.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_9.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_28.txt
medical_382.txt$space_28.txt
medical_382.txt$food_54.txt
medical_382.txt$space_30.txt
medical_382.txt$space_99.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_82.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_8.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_45.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_39.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_15.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_149.txt
medical_382.txt$food_73.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_68.txt
medical_382.txt$business_46.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_142.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_47.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_69.txt
medical_382.txt$food_77.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_91.txt
medical_382.txt$space_17.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_114.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_96.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_11.txt
medical_382.txt$space_9.txt
medical_382.txt$food_46.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_22.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_9.txt
medical_382.txt$food_92.txt
medical_382.txt$business_79.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_17.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_437.txt
medical_382.txt$business_82.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_273.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_646.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_41.txt
medical_382.txt$business_23.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_295.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_29.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_96.txt
medical_382.txt$space_70.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_51.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_12.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_127.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_17.txt
medical_382.txt$space_97.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_239.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_13.txt
medical_382.txt$business_96.txt
medical_382.txt$food_63.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_314.txt
medical_382.txt$food_59.txt
medical_382.txt$business_11.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_168.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_28.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_151.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_19.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_153.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_87.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_83.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_51.txt
medical_382.txt$food_58.txt
medical_382.txt$food_95.txt
medical_382.txt$space_92.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_19.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_488.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_77.txt
medical_382.txt$food_45.txt
medical_382.txt$food_62.txt
medical_382.txt$space_52.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_94.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_50.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_37.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_34.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_499.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_175.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_74.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_35.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_138.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_73.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_22.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_349.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_76.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_52.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_8.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_1.txt
medical_382.txt$space_3.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_83.txt
medical_382.txt$space_53.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_23.txt
medical_382.txt$food_88.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_262.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_32.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_58.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_144.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_448.txt
medical_382.txt$space_49.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_303.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_29.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_226.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_14.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_325.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_86.txt
medical_382.txt$food_61.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_80.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_18.txt
medical_382.txt$food_98.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_211.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_250.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_30.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_158.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_65.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_6.txt
medical_382.txt$space_42.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_21.txt
medical_382.txt$food_49.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_1.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_79.txt
medical_382.txt$food_64.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_18.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_78.txt
medical_382.txt$business_3.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_33.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_70.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_92.txt
medical_382.txt$space_54.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_679.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_16.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_235.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_82.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_26.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_98.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_322.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_56.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_24.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_157.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_87.txt
medical_382.txt$business_84.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_51.txt
medical_382.txt$space_72.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_335.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_425.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_20.txt
medical_382.txt$space_18.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_35.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_660.txt
medical_382.txt$food_50.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_37.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_19.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_244.txt
medical_382.txt$space_63.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_318.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_4.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_329.txt
medical_382.txt$space_77.txt
medical_382.txt$business_45.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_40.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_38.txt
medical_382.txt$business_9.txt
medical_382.txt$food_37.txt
medical_382.txt$food_43.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_43.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_7.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_247.txt
medical_382.txt$food_34.txt
medical_382.txt$business_62.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_168.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_76.txt
medical_382.txt$food_31.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_19.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_65.txt
medical_382.txt$business_95.txt
medical_382.txt$food_70.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_5.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_62.txt
medical_382.txt$business_63.txt
medical_382.txt$food_55.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_285.txt
medical_382.txt$food_29.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_327.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_102.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_62.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_21.txt
medical_382.txt$space_31.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_31.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_83.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_71.txt
medical_382.txt$space_61.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_210.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_49.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_55.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_87.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_129.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_73.txt
medical_382.txt$business_36.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_48.txt
medical_382.txt$business_72.txt
medical_382.txt$food_100.txt
medical_382.txt$space_95.txt
medical_382.txt$business_26.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_63.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_9.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_34.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_56.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_68.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_32.txt
medical_382.txt$business_31.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_66.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_313.txt
medical_382.txt$food_8.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_32.txt
medical_382.txt$space_12.txt
medical_382.txt$food_82.txt
medical_382.txt$business_47.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_36.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_37.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_31.txt
medical_382.txt$food_67.txt
medical_382.txt$food_56.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_35.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_35.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_21.txt
medical_382.txt$food_91.txt
medical_382.txt$space_67.txt
medical_382.txt$space_33.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_57.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_88.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_346.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_204.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_564.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_58.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_56.txt
medical_382.txt$space_60.txt
medical_382.txt$space_45.txt
medical_382.txt$space_24.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_672.txt
medical_382.txt$food_22.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_103.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_209.txt
medical_382.txt$space_50.txt
medical_382.txt$food_18.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_68.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_225.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_68.txt
medical_382.txt$food_14.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_66.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_27.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_5.txt
medical_382.txt$food_26.txt
medical_382.txt$food_60.txt
medical_382.txt$food_28.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_95.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_529.txt
medical_382.txt$business_67.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_2.txt
medical_382.txt$food_51.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_46.txt
medical_382.txt$business_73.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_293.txt
medical_382.txt$food_27.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_38.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_97.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_10.txt
medical_382.txt$space_86.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_25.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_99.txt
medical_382.txt$business_8.txt
medical_382.txt$business_27.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_46.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_100.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_51.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_29.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_85.txt
medical_382.txt$space_13.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_46.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_15.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_100.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_63.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_29.txt
medical_382.txt$business_77.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_9.txt
medical_382.txt$food_33.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_579.txt
medical_382.txt$food_69.txt
medical_382.txt$space_15.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_92.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_78.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_308.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_65.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_90.txt
medical_382.txt$business_100.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_12.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_11.txt
medical_382.txt$business_87.txt
medical_382.txt$food_6.txt
medical_382.txt$food_99.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_91.txt
medical_382.txt$business_53.txt
medical_382.txt$space_22.txt
medical_382.txt$business_10.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_557.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_2.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_321.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_56.txt
medical_382.txt$food_3.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_49.txt
medical_382.txt$business_35.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_45.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_36.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_72.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_93.txt
medical_382.txt$space_26.txt
medical_382.txt$space_27.txt
medical_382.txt$business_55.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_89.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_188.txt
medical_382.txt$business_91.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_401.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_413.txt
medical_382.txt$space_36.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_59.txt
medical_382.txt$food_16.txt
medical_382.txt$business_76.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_1.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_38.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_60.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_22.txt
medical_382.txt$business_22.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_85.txt
medical_382.txt$business_69.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_99.txt
medical_382.txt$food_96.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_84.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_71.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_37.txt
medical_382.txt$space_75.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_71.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_288.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_5.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_64.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_49.txt
medical_382.txt$food_94.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_91.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_58.txt
medical_382.txt$space_47.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_64.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_96.txt
medical_382.txt$business_70.txt
medical_382.txt$food_80.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_75.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_73.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_74.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_246.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_4.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_10.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_134.txt
medical_382.txt$space_39.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_23.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_41.txt
medical_382.txt$food_7.txt
medical_382.txt$space_21.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_56.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_242.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_53.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_15.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_364.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_30.txt
medical_382.txt$food_39.txt
medical_382.txt$business_54.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_86.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_41.txt
medical_382.txt$food_10.txt
medical_382.txt$politics_1.txt
medical_382.txt$space_100.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_71.txt
medical_382.txt$historical_24.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_597.txt
medical_382.txt$business_43.txt
medical_382.txt$business_12.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_77.txt
medical_382.txt$medical_278.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_82.txt
medical_382.txt$technologie_36.txt
medical_382.txt$space_43.txt
medical_382.txt$space_66.txt
medical_382.txt$entertainment_42.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_26.txt
medical_382.txt$sport_72.txt
medical_382.txt$graphics_86.txt
