medical_60.txt$in article slagle93mar26205915sgi417msdlmsclockheedcom slaglelmsclockheedcom writes
medical_60.txt$can anyone out there enlighten me on the relationship between
medical_60.txt$lung disorders and clubbing or swelling and widening of the
medical_60.txt$fingertips  what is the mechanism and why would a physician
medical_60.txt$call for chest xrays to diagnose the cause of the clubbing
medical_60.txt$purists often distinguish between true clubbing and pseudo
medical_60.txt$clubbing the difference being that with true clubbing the
medical_60.txt$angle of the nail when viewed from the side is constantly
medical_60.txt$negative when proceeding distally towards the fingertip
medical_60.txt$with pseudo clubbing the angle is initially positive then
medical_60.txt$negative which is the normal situation real internists
medical_60.txt$can talk for hours about clubbing im limited to a couple
medical_60.txt$of minutes
medical_60.txt$whether this distinction has anything to do with reality is
medical_60.txt$entirely unclear but it is one of those things that internists
medical_60.txt$love to paw over during rounds supposedly only true clubbing
medical_60.txt$is associated with disease the problem is that the list of
medical_60.txt$diseases associated with clubbing is quite long and includes
medical_60.txt$both congenital conditions and acquired disease since many of
medical_60.txt$these diseases are associated with cardiopulmonary problems
medical_60.txt$leading to right to left shunts and chronic hypoxemia it is
medical_60.txt$very reasonable to get a chest xray however many of the
medical_60.txt$congenital abnormalities would only be diagnosed with a cardiac
medical_60.txt$catheterization
medical_60.txt$the cause of clubbing is unclear but presumably relates to
medical_60.txt$some factor causing blood vessels in the distal fingertip to
medical_60.txt$dilate abnormally
medical_60.txt$clubbing is one of those things from an examination which is
medical_60.txt$a tipoff to do more extensive examination often however
medical_60.txt$the cause of the clubbing is quite apparent
