medical_499.txt$reply to aldridgenetcomcom jacquelin aldridge
medical_499.txt$medicine is not a totally scientific endevour
medical_499.txt$the acquisition of scientific knowledge is completely scientific  the
medical_499.txt$application of that knowledge in individual cases may be more art than
medical_499.txt$science
medical_499.txt$there are diseases that havent been described yet and the root cause
medical_499.txt$of many diseases now described arent known read a book on
medical_499.txt$gastroenterology sometime if you want to see a lot of them after
medical_499.txt$scientific methods have run out then its the patients freedom of
medical_499.txt$choice to try any experimental method they choose and its well
medical_499.txt$recognized by many doctors that medicine doesnt have all the answers
medical_499.txt$certainly we dont have all the answers  the question is what is the
medical_499.txt$most reliable means of acquiring further medical knowledge  the
medical_499.txt$scientific method has proven itself to be reliable  the only reason
medical_499.txt$alternative therapies are shunned by physicians is that their
medical_499.txt$practitioners refuse to submit their theories to rigorous scientific
medical_499.txt$scrutiny insisting that tradition or anecdotal evidence are
medical_499.txt$sufficient  these have been shown many times in the past to be very
medical_499.txt$unreliable ways of acquiring reliable knowledge  crooks ideas have
medical_499.txt$never been backed up by scientific evidence  his unwillingness to do
medical_499.txt$good science makes the rest of us doubt the veracity of his contentions
medical_499.txt$david nye nyedacnsvaxuwecedu  midelfort clinic eau claire wi
medical_499.txt$this is patently absurd but whoever wishes to become a philosopher
medical_499.txt$must learn not to be frightened by absurdities  bertrand russell
