medical_382.txt$this is the third and final call for votes for the creation of the
medical_382.txt$newsgroup mischealthdiabetes  a mass acknowledgement of valid votes
medical_382.txt$received as of april 19th 1400 gmt appears at the end of this
medical_382.txt$posting  please check the list to be sure that your vote has been
medical_382.txt$registered  read the instructions for voting carefully and follow
medical_382.txt$them precisely to be certain that you place a proper vote
medical_382.txt$instructions for voting
medical_382.txt$to place a vote for the creation of mischealthdiabetes send an
medical_382.txt$email message to yessun6850nrlnavymil
medical_382.txt$to place a vote against creation of mischealthdiabetes send an
medical_382.txt$email message to nosun6850nrlnavymil
medical_382.txt$the contents of the message should contain the line i vote
medical_382.txt$foragainst mischealthdiabetes as proposed  email messages sent to
medical_382.txt$the above addresses must constitute unambiguous and unconditional
medical_382.txt$votes foragainst newsgroup creation as proposed  conditional votes
medical_382.txt$will not be accepted  only votes emailed to the above addresses will
medical_382.txt$be counted mailed replies to this posting will be returned  in the
medical_382.txt$event that more than one vote is placed by an individual only the
medical_382.txt$most recent vote will be counted
medical_382.txt$voting will continue until 2359 gmt 29 apr 93
medical_382.txt$votes will not be accepted after this date
medical_382.txt$any administrative inquiries pertaining to this cfv may be made by
medical_382.txt$email to swkirchsun6850nrlnavymil
medical_382.txt$the proposed charter appears below
medical_382.txt$charter
medical_382.txt$mischealthdiabetes                            unmoderated
medical_382.txt$1   the purpose of mischealthdiabetes is to provide a forum for the
medical_382.txt$discussion of issues pertaining to diabetes management ie diet
medical_382.txt$activities medicine schedules blood glucose control exercise
medical_382.txt$medical breakthroughs etc  this group addresses the issues of
medical_382.txt$management of both type i insulin dependent and type ii noninsulin
medical_382.txt$dependent diabetes  both technical discussions and general support
medical_382.txt$discussions relevant to diabetes are welcome
medical_382.txt$2   postings to mischeathdiabetes are intended to be for discussion
medical_382.txt$purposes only and are in no way to be construed as medical advice
medical_382.txt$diabetes is a serious medical condition requiring direct supervision
medical_382.txt$by a primary health care physician
medical_382.txt$end of charter
medical_382.txt$the following individuals have sent in valid votes
medical_382.txt$9781bmuvmscsdmuedu                  bill satterlee
medical_382.txt$a2wjlokiccpdxedu                    jim williams
medical_382.txt$ac534freenetcarletonca               colin henein
medical_382.txt$adcatde                               axel dunkel
medical_382.txt$al198723academ07mtyitesmmx          jesus eugenio s nchez pea
medical_382.txt$anugulabadlandsnodakedu              ramakrishna reddy anugula
medical_382.txt$appssneakskodakcom                   robert w apps
medical_382.txt$arperd00mikukyedu                    alicia r perdue
medical_382.txt$baindgovonca                         dave bain
medical_382.txt$balamutmorrishaccom                  morris balamut
medical_382.txt$bchjulietcaltechedu
medical_382.txt$bgainesollamhucdie                   brian gaines
medical_382.txt$bjornblarsendelabsintefno
medical_382.txt$bobwhpsadwcsadhpcom                 bob waltenspiel
medical_382.txt$bruceuxbliverpoolacuk               bruce
medical_382.txt$bspencerbinkleycsmcgillca           brian spencer
medical_382.txt$clineusceastcsscarolinaedu          ernest a cline
medical_382.txt$colemantwintwinsuncom                mike coleman
medical_382.txt$compassdacomtomdcompassdacom      thomas donnelly
medical_382.txt$csccoastucsdedu                      charles coughran
medical_382.txt$curtechsbsunhedu                     stephanie bradleyswift
medical_382.txt$debrummbrendamsgatecorpapplecom  debrum brenda
medical_382.txt$dlbfannywashinmetcom                david barton
medical_382.txt$dlg1midwayuchicagoedu                deborah lynn gillaspie
medical_382.txt$dougbcommmotcom                      douglas bank
medical_382.txt$edtitipuresuncom                     edward reid
medical_382.txt$edmoorehpvclcvcdhpcom               ed moore
medical_382.txt$ejokajagialaskaedu                  eric j olson
medical_382.txt$emcguireintellectioncom               ed mcguire
medical_382.txt$ewchplbhplhpcom                     enrico coiera
medical_382.txt$feathrbluejayampakzenetdeccom
medical_382.txt$frankliggasuugarizonaedu            gregory c franklin
medical_382.txt$fsspracad3alaskaedu                  hardcore alaskan
medical_382.txt$gabeangusmiorg                       gabe helou
medical_382.txt$gaspmedglcsmitedu                   isaac kohane
medical_382.txt$gaspmedglcsmitedu                   isaac kohane
medical_382.txt$geirmillsteintfteleno
medical_382.txt$ggurmancoryberkeleyedu               gail gurman
medical_382.txt$ggwwolvesdurhamncus                 gregory g woodbury
medical_382.txt$greenlawoasysdtnavymil              leila thomas
medical_382.txt$grmandrewcmuedu                     gretchen miller
medical_382.txt$halderccsrpiedu
medical_382.txt$handelapduvmbitnetpuccprincetonedu phil handel
medical_382.txt$hansenrohsuedu
medical_382.txt$hcnyongwacamorg                      hc
medical_382.txt$heddingschrisconrlnavymil           hubert heddings
medical_382.txt$herbisonlassieucxlkgdeccom         bj
medical_382.txt$hmpetromosaicunccedu                 herbert m petro
medical_382.txt$hosch2263iscsvaxuniedu
medical_382.txt$hrubinpopstatpurdueedu              herman rubin
medical_382.txt$hudsoibauducadmducauburnedu         ingrid b hudson
medical_382.txt$huffmcclb0mednyuedu                 edward j huff
medical_382.txt$huffmaningrescom                      gary huffman
medical_382.txt$huynh1estdnrlnavymil               minh huynh
medical_382.txt$ishbeldcixcompulinkcouk             ishbel donkin
medical_382.txt$jameslangdellengsuncom              james langdell
medical_382.txt$jamyersnetcomcom                      john a myers
medical_382.txt$jccrosfieldcouk                      jerry cullingford
medical_382.txt$jesupcbmvaxcbmcommodorecom          randell jesup
medical_382.txt$jjmorrisgandalfrutgersedu            joyce morris
medical_382.txt$joepdapcsiroau                       joe petranovic
medical_382.txt$johnburtonacenetauburnedu           john e burton jr
medical_382.txt$johnchacommmotcom
medical_382.txt$jpsum00mikukyedu                     joey p sum
medical_382.txt$jtmucsfvmucsfedu                     john maynard
medical_382.txt$julienskclamonsantocom
medical_382.txt$kaminskinetcomcom                     peter kaminski
medical_382.txt$kerrycitruqozau                     kerry raymond
medical_382.txt$kieranworldstdcom                    aaron l dickey
medical_382.txt$knauercsuiucedu                      rob knauerhase
medical_382.txt$kolarspotcoloradoedu                 jennifer lynn kolar
medical_382.txt$kriguertcscom                         marc kriguer
medical_382.txt$lauaisricom                          stephen lau
medical_382.txt$leehalcom                             lee boylan
medical_382.txt$lmt6pocwruedu
medical_382.txt$lunielehighedu
medical_382.txt$lusgrchilicclehighedu               stephen g roseman
medical_382.txt$mbeamishinsgueduau                 marilyn beamish
medical_382.txt$mrichensgueduau                    maurice h rich
medical_382.txt$maascdfsgafnalgov                    peter maas
medical_382.txt$macridisgkosmoswccgovtnz           gerry macridis
medical_382.txt$markvhpvcivmvcdhpcom                mark vanderford
medical_382.txt$maschlervmshujiacil
medical_382.txt$mcbnetbionet                         michael c berch
medical_382.txt$mcdayux1csouiucedu
medical_382.txt$mcooksonflutecalpolyedu
medical_382.txt$mfcisrharvardedu                     mauricio f contreras
medical_382.txt$mgwpiedu                              martha gunnarson
medical_382.txt$mhollowalibserv1icsunysbedu         michael holloway
medical_382.txt$mishaabacusconcordiaca               misha glouberman
medical_382.txt$mjbcsbrownedu                        manish butte
medical_382.txt$moflnganvax1tcdie
medical_382.txt$muiridiomberkeleycaus               david muir sharnoff
medical_382.txt$nancyblockengsuncom                 nancy block
medical_382.txt$ndallenrnodehuborg                  nigel allen
medical_382.txt$nlrb31neinihgov                     rohrer nathan
medical_382.txt$owenscookiemonsterccbuffaloedu      bill owens
medical_382.txt$pamshpfcmpfchpcom                   pam sullivan
medical_382.txt$paprescoundergradmathuwaterlooca    paul prescod
medical_382.txt$paslowpcsrpiedu
medical_382.txt$pillincgovonca                       christopher pilling
medical_382.txt$pkaneciscocom                         peter kane
medical_382.txt$popelkaodysseusuchicagoedu           glenn popelka
medical_382.txt$pulkkacswashingtonedu                aaron pulkka
medical_382.txt$pwatkinsmeduncedu                    pat watkins
medical_382.txt$rbnsnmosaicshearsoncom               ken robinson
medical_382.txt$rickcrickssctrbcmtmcedu            richard h miller
medical_382.txt$robynmediamitedu                     robyn kozierok
medical_382.txt$rolfgreenmathematikunistuttgartde  rolf schreiber
medical_382.txt$sagemancupportalcom
medical_382.txt$sasjcsunxsascom                      joan stout
medical_382.txt$scottjordelphicom
medical_382.txt$scrlhplbhplhpcom
medical_382.txt$scsvectisdemoncouk                  stuart c squibb
medical_382.txt$shantechopscraycom                   sharan kalwani
medical_382.txt$shareniscnvxlmsclockheedcom         sharen a rund
medical_382.txt$shazamunhedu                          matthew t thompson
medical_382.txt$shipmancsablarcnasagov              floyd s shipman
medical_382.txt$shoppaerincaltechedu                 tim shoppa
medical_382.txt$slilliecs1bradleyedu                 susan lillie
medical_382.txt$steveoworldstdcom                    steven w orr
medical_382.txt$surendarivywpiedu                    surendar chandra
medical_382.txt$swkirchsun6850nrlnavymil            steven kirchoefer
medical_382.txt$sfagantwuedu
medical_382.txt$tarynarizvm1ccitarizonaedu          taryn l westergaard
medical_382.txt$thomasetaylorgagmechiilus         thomas e taylor
medical_382.txt$timacfsmohoneywellcom                timothy d aanerud
medical_382.txt$tsamuelgollumrelaynswcnavymil      tony samuel
medical_382.txt$u45301uicvmuicedu                    m jacobs
medical_382.txt$vsterngtecom                          vanessa stern
medical_382.txt$wahlgrenhaidavanwticom              james wahlgren
medical_382.txt$waterfalpyrseaseapyramidcom         douglas waterfall
medical_382.txt$weineja1teomailjhuapledu
medical_382.txt$wgrantinformixcom                     william grant
medical_382.txt$yeagermscfmedupennedu
medical_382.txt$yozzowatsonibmcom                    ralph e yozzo
medical_382.txt$z919016beachutmbedu                  molly hamilton
medical_382.txt$steve kirchoefer                                             202 7672862
medical_382.txt$code 6851                                      kirchoeferestdnrlnavymil
medical_382.txt$naval research laboratory                       microwave technology branch
medical_382.txt$washington dc  203755000              electronics sci and tech division
