medical_285.txt$in article 1993apr91729454578islandcom greenislandcom robert greenstein writes
medical_285.txt$in article 19493pittuucp gebcspittedu gordon banks writes
medical_285.txt$one problem is very few scientists are interested in alternative medicine
medical_285.txt$so gordon why do you think this is so
medical_285.txt$probably because most of them come packaged with some absurd theory
medical_285.txt$behind them  eg homoeopathy like cures like  the more you dilute
medical_285.txt$things the more powerful they get even if you dilute them so much
medical_285.txt$there is no ingredient but water left  chiropractic all illness
medical_285.txt$stems from compressions of nerves by misaligned vertebrae  such
medical_285.txt$systems are so patently absurd that any good they do is accidental
medical_285.txt$and not related to the theory  the only exception is probably herbalism
medical_285.txt$because scientists recognize the potent drugs that derive from plants
medical_285.txt$and are always interested in seeing if they can find new plants
medical_285.txt$that have active and useful substances  but that isnt what
medical_285.txt$is meant by alternative medicine usually  if you get into the qi
medical_285.txt$accupuntunce charts etc you are now back to silly theories that
medical_285.txt$probably have nothing to do with why accupuncture works in some cases
medical_285.txt$perhaps another reason they are reluctant is the rhine experience
medical_285.txt$rhine was a scientist who wanted to investigate the paranormal
medical_285.txt$and his lab was filled with so much chacanery and fakery that
medical_285.txt$people dont want to be associated with that sort of thing
medical_285.txt$gordon banks  n3jxp       skepticism is the chastity of the intellect and
medical_285.txt$gebcadredslpittedu     it is shameful to surrender it too soon
