space_64.txt$jgreentrumpetcalpolyedu james thomas green writes
space_64.txt$if they had beaten us i speculate that the us would have gone
space_64.txt$head and done some landings but we also would have been more
space_64.txt$determined to set up a base both in earth orbit and on the
space_64.txt$moon  whether or not we would be on mars by now would depend
space_64.txt$upon whether the soviets tried to go  setting up a lunar base
space_64.txt$would have stretched the budgets of both nations and i think
space_64.txt$that the military value of a lunar base would outweigh the value
space_64.txt$of going to mars at least in the short run  thus we would
space_64.txt$have concentrated on the moon
space_64.txt$great speculation  i remember being proud on behalf of all the free
space_64.txt$world you think that way when you are seven years old that we had
space_64.txt$got there first now im almost sorry that it worked out that way
space_64.txt$i guess the soviets would have taken the victory seriously too and
space_64.txt$would almost certainly not have fallen victim to the complacency that
space_64.txt$overtook the us program perhaps stretching to match us efforts would
space_64.txt$have destabilized them sooner than it did in fact  and in the tradition
space_64.txt$of marvel comics what if this destabilization in the brezhnev era might
space_64.txt$have triggered the third world war hmm maybe it was a giant leap after all
space_64.txt$internet peteextrosuozau                   accept everything            
space_64.txt$uucp uunetmcvaxmunnariextropete          reject nothing               
