space_24.txt$in article 1pcgaado1accessdigexcom prbaccessdigexcom pat writes
space_24.txt$now isnt that always the kicker  it does seem stupid to  drop
space_24.txt$a mission like magellan because there isnt  70 million a year
space_24.txt$to keep up the mission  youd think  that ongoing science  could
space_24.txt$justify the money  jpl gets accused of spending more then neccessary
space_24.txt$probably some validity in that  but nasa  does put money into some
space_24.txt$things  that really are porcine  oh well
space_24.txt$i attended a colloquium at goddard last fall where the head of the
space_24.txt$operations section of nasa was talking about what future missions
space_24.txt$were going to be funded  i dont remember his name or title off hand
space_24.txt$and i have discarded the colloquia announcement in any case he was
space_24.txt$asked about that very matter why cant we spend a few million more
space_24.txt$to keep instruments that we already have in place going
space_24.txt$his responce was that there are only so many  available to him and
space_24.txt$the lead time on an instrument like a cobe magellan hubble etc
space_24.txt$is 510 years minumum  if he spent all that could be spent on using
space_24.txt$current instruments in the current budget enviroment he would have
space_24.txt$very little to nothing for future projects  if he did that sure
space_24.txt$in the short run the science would be wonderful and he would be popular
space_24.txt$however starting a few years after he had retired he would become
space_24.txt$one of the greatest villans ever seen in the space community for not
space_24.txt$funding the early stages of the next generation of instruments  just
space_24.txt$as he had benefited from his predicessors funding choices he owed it
space_24.txt$to whoever his sucessor would eventually be to keep developing new
space_24.txt$missions even at the expense of cutting off some instruments before
space_24.txt$the last drop of possible science has been wrung out of them
space_24.txt$covert c beach
space_24.txt$dragonaccessdigexcom
