space_99.txt$nasa headquarters distributed the following press
space_99.txt$release today 46 ive typed it in verbatim for you
space_99.txt$folks to chew over many of the topics recently
space_99.txt$discussed on scispace are covered in this
space_99.txt$gibbons outlines space station redesign guidance
space_99.txt$dr john h gibbons director office of science and
space_99.txt$technology policy outlined to the membersdesignate of
space_99.txt$the advisory committee on the redesign of the space
space_99.txt$station on april 3 three budget options as guidance to
space_99.txt$the committee in their deliberations on the redesign of
space_99.txt$the space station
space_99.txt$a low option of 5 billion a midrange option of 7
space_99.txt$billion and a high option of 9 billion will be
space_99.txt$considered by the committee each option would cover
space_99.txt$the total expenditures for space station from fiscal
space_99.txt$year 1994 through 1998 and would include funds for
space_99.txt$development operations utilization shuttle
space_99.txt$integration facilities research operations support
space_99.txt$transition cost and also must include adequate program
space_99.txt$reserves to insure program implementation within the
space_99.txt$available funds
space_99.txt$over the next 5 years 4 billion is reserved within
space_99.txt$the nasa budget for the presidents new technology
space_99.txt$investment as a result station options above 7
space_99.txt$billion must be accompanied by offsetting reductions in
space_99.txt$the rest of the nasa budget  for example a space
space_99.txt$station option of 9 billion would require 2 billion
space_99.txt$in offsets from the nasa budget over the next 5 years
space_99.txt$gibbons presented the information at an organizational
space_99.txt$session of the advisory committee generally the
space_99.txt$membersdesignate focused upon administrative topics
space_99.txt$and used the session to get acquainted they also
space_99.txt$received a legal and ethics briefing and an orientation
space_99.txt$on the process the station redesign team is following
space_99.txt$to develop options for the advisory committee to
space_99.txt$consider
space_99.txt$gibbons also announced that the united states and its
space_99.txt$international partners  the europeans japanese and
space_99.txt$canadians  have decided after consultation to give
space_99.txt$full consideration to use of russian assets in the
space_99.txt$course of the space station redesign process
space_99.txt$to that end the russians will be asked to participate
space_99.txt$in the redesign effort on an asneeded consulting
space_99.txt$basis so that the redesign team can make use of their
space_99.txt$expertise in assessing the capabilities of mir and the
space_99.txt$possible use of mir and other russian capabilities and
space_99.txt$systems the us and international partners hope to
space_99.txt$benefit from the expertise of the russian participants
space_99.txt$in assessing russian systems and technology the
space_99.txt$overall goal of the redesign effort is to develop
space_99.txt$options for reducing station costs while preserving key
space_99.txt$research and exploration capabilities careful
space_99.txt$integration of russian assets could be a key factor in
space_99.txt$achieving that goal
space_99.txt$gibbons reiterated that president clinton is
space_99.txt$committed to the redesigned space station and to making
space_99.txt$every effort to preserve the science the technology
space_99.txt$and the jobs that the space station program represents
space_99.txt$however he also is committed to a space station that
space_99.txt$is well managed and one that does not consume the
space_99.txt$national resources which should be used to invest in
space_99.txt$the future of this industry and this nation
space_99.txt$nasa administrator daniel s goldin said the russian
space_99.txt$participation will be accomplished through the east
space_99.txt$west space science center at the university of maryland
space_99.txt$under the leadership of roald sagdeev
